(Episode 11)
Even if you deny it,
she's blood related to you.
Get a paternity test.
That will solve the problem.
Why? What's wrong again?
I want to go to the bathroom.
That's why I told you to go to
the bathroom before we leave.
Hurry up.
Should I not go?
That little girl is so rude. I'm offended.
Never mind.
It doesn't matter whether someone
else's child is rude or not.
Everything will end tomorrow.
Why is he here?
- Father. - Shut your mouth.
Wait a minute.
Who is that child?
I have a bad feeling.
I feel like there's a secret.
Stay here.
Mom, wait for me.
Where is this place? What department is it?
Genetic examination lab?
Does genetic examination mean paternity test?
Paternity test?
What?
Mom, I'm sure of it. It's written here.
Genetic examination lab.
Lower your voice.
Do they do paternity tests here?
We just saw it with our own eyes.
Father went in there holding hands with a child.
Your father-in-law is a man of energy.
He's as energetic...
as eels in rice paddies.
Mom, this isn't the time to talk about his strength.
I finally understand what happened.
So Won was with Father the day he slept out.
The atmosphere between the two was suspicious.
They probably had an emergency meeting.
Since the child is young,
he must have been having an affair for 5 or 6 years.
How could Mother not know at all?
Your Father is really smart.
He was the director of a big company.
He's in serious trouble in his life at a really old age.
Oh, my.
Do you really want to laugh in this situation?
Who is the mother of the child?
I'm not sure.
His secretary?
What is the child's name?
What's your name?
Oh Han Gyul.
Okay, Oh Han Gyul.
- What's her date of birth? - Do you know it?
- Who's her legal representative? - Lee So...
Do you want to end So Won's career as a doctor?
The moment the police takes Han Gyul in, the whole world will find out...
that successful Doctor Lee So Won is a brazenface that ignores his child.
There's no need to involve So Won in this messy matter.
Put Lee Shin Mo as her legal representative.
Let's take some samples.
Can you open your mouth?
Open your mouth.
Good job.
- This is mine. - Okay.
The results will be out right away tomorrow.
Are the results accurate without any error?
Of course. It's accurate by 99.9 percent.
Please do your best.
Let's go.
(Researcher Jung Su Hae)
I'm here to cook, not to clean toilets.
You're only a beginner. What do you expect?
You'll easily give up on the things you acquired easily.
Things that take effort will remain for a long time.
Anyway, I became good at cleaning because of this.
Let's go on to the next stall.
Do you know that we're all booked today?
You need to do your best at cleaning the kitchen during times like this.
Especially the floor.
Yes, ma'am.
You have a lot of dandruff. I didn't expect that from you.
Is it okay for us to go visit her unexpectedly like this?
Don't worry. Ru Ri will be really glad to see us.
You'll see when you get there, but it's really luxurious.
She will want to show it off to you.
I'm proud of her when she goes to work every morning...
dressed properly in a suit.
It's all thanks of me. Please don't forget that.
Okay, thank you.
But will we be able to eat with her?
Of course. It's not that busy after peak time.
A menu developer is very successful.
She probably just has to point out things and not get messy.
It's really big and luxurious.
It is.
Please sit down.
Since I will leave soon,
I will order as much as I want.
Okay. Order whatever you want to eat.
Really? I'm going to order everything.
Hello, Ms. Hong.
Manager Jung.
Hello, Manager Jung.
I came here because I wasn't sure if it was you. What brings you here?
I was curious of where Ru Ri was working.
- Welcome. - Salute.
I brought her here.
She really wanted to see you.
Thank you for the holiday gift.
This isn't much.
It's homemade jam.
Thank you for the gift.
Where is Ru Ri?
She's getting trained in the kitchen.
Oh, my. She's getting trained?
That sounds awesome.
Let's go see her.
Can we do that?
I'm curious how she is at work.
Yes, let's do that.
Goodness.
This is amazing.
Let's go.
This way.
Let's hurry. The customers are waiting.
- Yes, chef. - Yes, chef.
- The dish is coming! - Okay.
Hurry, and cook the pasta for table three.
- Yes, chef! - Yes, chef!
Chef!
Are you all right?
Hey, Intern!
You! Can't you do your work properly?
Do you clean the floor or not?
Intern.
Don't you understand Korean?
Didn't I tell you to clean the floor just now?
I just wiped the floor.
What?
Then come here and touch the floor yourself.
See if it's slippery or clean.
- Excuse me? - I said to come here!
- Goodness. - Be careful.
I think I hurt my back badly.
Touch it yourself right now.
How is it? Is it clean just like you said?
I'm sorry.
You don't have common sense at all.
Can't you see that the kitchen is filled with oil?
When it's dinner rush, the oil gets all over the floor.
Don't you know that the floor is covered with oil?
You don't have the basic knowledge of how kitchen works.
How could you be so shameless to work at my kitchen?
Goodness, you don't know your place.
I'm sorry. I'll work on that.
You're such a klutz who makes everyone's job harder than it is.
If I were you, I would've resigned long ago.
Move! You're in my way.
Be careful.
Chef, are you all right?
- I was behind with dirty dishes. - Oh, my.
- I'm sorry. - Goodness.
What are you doing? Clean up this mess.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Ma'am, the truth is...
Ms. Hong!
Chef Jung.
Your mom just saw everything.
Mom, Mom!
Mom! Why did you come without telling me?
Let go of me.
Mom, Mom.
Please look at me, Mom.
Please? I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that you had to see that.
Do you have to work here?
Is this the only job you can get? Is that why you're putting up with it?
Unbelievable. I can't even speak. It's breaking my heart.
I know how you must feel, Mom.
I completely understand how you feel right now, Mom.
But I'm really okay.
No matter how humiliating this job is, I can deal with it.
I deserved what just happened. That was my fault.
Ru Ri.
And my legs are all swollen because I have to stand the whole day.
Look at my hands. Even though my hand is hurt badly,
I'm really excited to work here.
For the first time in my life, I found out what I can be good at.
I just began to learn them one by one.
Mom, I'm really doing okay.
Okay, to be honest, it's physically demanding, and I'm tired.
But I'm happy. I'm serious, Mom.
Ru Ri.
Please watch me do this job for a while.
This is the first job I chose.
I might not be able to be good at this job, but...
Dad didn't pick this job for me. I did.
I want to be responsible of my choice until the end.
Mom, cut me some slack until then. Please?
I should have been more thoughtful.
I'm sorry, ma'am.
I...
did my best to raise my daughter, Ru Ri.
I never let her cook ramyeon growing up.
I never let her wash a dirty pair of socks.
But now that I look back,
that's where I made my mistake.
She's not street-smart...
and isn't good at anything.
She's sloppy in everything she does.
She has just started working in this industry.
Please scold her if she does something wrong.
And if she's lacking,
please teach her a lot.
This is what I'd like to ask of you.
Ms. Hong!
I...
am going to make it here.
Whatever happens, I'm going to endure this.
The next time my mom comes,
I won't make my mom cry.
Never.
770, 780, 790, 800!
With the savings, that makes 1,500 dollars!
You can sign up for the hairdressing courses!
Yes! Thanks for helping me out.
When you get successful and open up a hair salon,
you'll have to do my hair for free.
Say no more!
Well, for the time being, have this instead.
It's good.
You got crumbs on your mouth.
Wipe them for me.
There.
Eun Byul, you're pretty.
Do you know what my friends say about us? They say we're dating.
Aren't you worried?
You should hang out with your peers, but you spend your time with me.
You know that I'm quite intelligent.
My peers are so immature, so I don't like them.
My maturity level is of the same with yours.
What about you? Is it okay for you to hang out only with me?
I don't like my friends either.
They are stupidly too manly.
You can't change your mind. Okay?
Okay. You're coming with me to register for the courses, right?
Yes.
Sir.
We must be at a factory in Daegu. We should leave now.
Cancel all of my schedule for today.
(Jung Hwa Young)
It's Ms. Jung Hwa Young's number.
Since it's confirmed that she is Anna Kang,
it'd be better if you meet her personally.
I don't know how she will react.
It's possible that she had already forgotten all about me.
If that's the case,
she wouldn't have come back to the cafe.
Come to Flamenco in Hongdae at 2pm on Thursday.
I'll show you what kind of woman you're living with.
Why? Is it too loud?
That's the soundtrack for my class tomorrow.
I have a question to ask you.
What is it? Tell me.
Do you know a dance studio Flamenco...
in Hongdae?
You know the studio, don't you?
That viper, Choi Sun Young, found the place.
How?
How did she find the place?
I think she met up with Woo Joo's birth dad.
What a scumbag.
I think she's going to go there at 2pm today.
What?
No, she can't go there.
Did you check if the Latin dance instructor will be there today?
I heard the instructor is the owner Flamenco.
Is that so?
Then she should be there.
Will Mr. Go Jung Do be there as well?
Yes, he'll be there. I'm sure of it.
I bet he's even more curious to find out her true colors than I.
Is this Flamenco?
This is urgent.
Can I talk to Ms. Yeon?
Is that so? Okay.
She's not in the studio?
She stepped out for a moment.
What if she's meeting up with Choi Sun Young?
No way.
That viper will at least wait for me until 2pm.
She's desperately trying to break us apart.
We only have 10 minutes left. Let's hurry.
Okay.
Excuse me for a moment.
It's been a long time.
Who are you?
Mi Joo.
I don't know you.
Didn't you pretend not to know me when we met a few years ago?
I'm sorry. I did that because...
I was in a bad situation then.
Has the situation changed?
To make you come here in person?
We came here to ask you a favor. Please help us.
Mi Joo, someone will visit you soon.
If they ask about me, just say that you don't know anything.
That person must not know about me.
Anna Kang.
Please. My life depends on your words.
Please help me. It'll be like saving my life.
I ask sincerely. I heard that you were friends.
Please help her.
Did you make a reservation?
I'm here to meet your boss. Is she here?
- She's downstairs. - Really?
I'll go downstairs then.
You can't.
She's with other guests. I'll bring her here.
Other guests?
Seattle Dance Academy?
I ask sincerely. Please help her.
Think of our old friendship. You only have to not say anything.
Say that you don't know my name or anything about me.
Just say that we've never met.
Please.
Do me a favor.
A guest is asking for you.
Who?
She's in her 50s and has short hair.
Is this the person you're talking about?
Yes. What should we do?
Hurry, and follow me. We have a back door.
Thank you.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
You don't have to thank me. Hurry.
Why aren't they contacting me? There's no reason for that.
Did you ask for me?
Are you the owner here?
Who are you?
You don't have to know that.
I'm going to be straightforward since you must be busy.
Do you know a woman named Anna?
Anna?
Her other name is Jung Hwa Young.
I don't think I've ever met her.
Was she one of my guests?
Look again carefully.
I have accurate information that you know her well.
You made a wrong guess.
I'll make it clear. I don't know this woman...
nor Anna.
What is that?
What are you looking at?
I think Go Jung Do took the initiative.
He just left this place.
Of course. The owner seemed to know her, but didn't say anything.
I'm sure that she knows about Jung Hwa Young.
She went to the Seattle Dance Academy.
They were both dancers.
They said that Jung Hwa Young was quite good at English.
There are too many things in common to say that they are strangers.
- Should we go again? - There's no use.
They must have silenced her.
Find out how we can make her talk again...
with any means possible.
Yes, ma'am.
He must be getting a paternity test.
It's always the quiet ones that get in trouble.
Oh, my. I never imagined...
that gentleman doing anything seedy,
especially of that scale.
- Mom. - Yes?
What should I do?
Should I reveal his affair or not?
I'm thinking about it.
So Won must also know.
Isn't it better for Mother if we reveal it as fast as we can?
What will you do if she asks for a divorce...
and not a graduation?
No, she's too soft-hearted. She could never do that.
I'm going to tell her everything since I feel so bad for Mother.
Honey, I'm home.
He's here. I'm going to reveal it.
Do it.
Honey, something serious happened.
She also has a big mouth like me.
Her father-in-law will be in big trouble today.
Are you done eating?
Why?
Stop eating. You had enough.
Your little stomach is going to explode.
Who is your dad?
You must remember who your birth father is.
You saw him, right?
Tell me. Who is your dad?
Give me some water.
Okay. I shouldn't expect a lot from you.
What is it?
I called you because I haven't heard from you today.
Where are you?
Where would I be? I'm outside.
Really?
I thought you were at So Won's place so I was going to bring you food.
You don't have to come here. I'll be home soon.
Give me water.
I'll be home soon. I'll hang up.
Where are you going?
I'm going with you.
What?
I can't believe this.
What did you want to tell me?
Something really serious happened. Don't be surprised after hearing it.
Don't you also know about it?
What is it?
I'm not surprised easily. Just tell me.
Honey, that is...
Father...
My heart is racing. Mom, tell him about it for me.
You have a younger sibling.
- A younger sibling? - Yes.
We met your Father accidentally at the hospital.
We met him at the paternity test room...
with a child this big.
Oh, my. Are you okay, honey?
See? I told you not to be surprised.
Did you really see Father with Han Gyul?
Oh, my.
How do you know the child's name?
Sorry?
That's because...
Since it turned out this way, let's just tell Mother.
It's better to face difficulties as early as possible. I'll tell her.
- Let me call her. - Wait a minute.
Trust me with this.
Since we're not sure,
let's tell her after we find out the truth.
But still...
It just takes one day.
It will take one day to check if the child is his or not.
Please wait until then. I beg you.
All right. But...
I'll only wait 1 more day. 1 day.
We'll wait one more day. Okay?
She's not street-smart...
and isn't good at anything.
She's sloppy in everything she does.
Please scold her if she does something wrong.
And if she's lacking, please teach her.
This is what I'd like to ask of you.
Ru Ri, how do you feel?
You've completed the two weeks of work training.
I'm very upset.
I still don't know anything...
and lack in so many ways, but it's already over.
From next week, you'll work at the Menu Research and Development Team.
You can work harder there.
Let's go for now.
I'll buy you dinner to congratulate you for surviving well.
You should go. I need to stay behind and practice.
Hey.
You won't get better overnight.
You've done so much so far. You should get some rest.
Resting is part of the job.
I said no.
I'm so anxious. This is the least I can do.
I made a promise to my mother.
And Manager Joo...
tries to get rid of me every day.
I want to become better as soon as possible,
so that I can be confident in front of her.
Scores for Lee Ru Ri's work as an intern.
The first evaluator's opinion.
There is no possibility that she could ever improve.
Paying her to work for us will be a total waste of money.
I strongly suggest that we fire her.
Aren't you going home yet?
Dad!
I'm the manager. I need to set an example.
You must have been evaluating the interns.
Yes. Before we send them to the actual team,
I think we need to fire Lee Ru Ri first.
She's an intern for six months,
but I can do whatever I want with her, right?
Lee Ru Ri?
Isn't she Jung Tae Yang's assistant?
Yes, she is.
Is there a problem?
You should reconsider it.
Why? She's such a nuisance.
Do you remember the man who saved my life in Bali?
Do you mean the man...
who worked at the hotel and served your meal?
That man was Chef Jung Tae Yang.
I've been looking for him all over the place,
but I met him here by destiny.
He has skills, and he's a great man overall.
I'm keeping an eye on him to see if he's really all right.
You are keeping an eye on him?
Are you planning to give him an important job at the company?
I might.
That's why I want you to pay special attention to him.
Okay?
Good luck with your work.
This is unbelievable.
Jung Tae Yang was the man who saved my dad's life?
Then I should really make sure that Lee Ru Ri doesn't stay here.
(Basic Italian Food)
(Anyone can cook if they try.)
(The way to success is to eat food I like, cheer up, and try harder.)
I want to get my life back.
I've never lived my life as I wanted.
This is the first job I chose.
I...
am going to make it here.
What am I going to do with this fool?
If you can see the core of the noodle after you cut it,
that means you boiled it just the right amount.
All right.
What? Where's the core?
Should I just throw it at the wall?
Oh, my. It stuck on the wall. Yes!
Oh, my. No.
Gosh, it's hot.
What is this smell?
Oh, gosh.
I can't believe this.
Gosh, it's hot!
Gosh.
Gosh, Ru Ri.
You're not just dumb.
You're the dumbest person on earth.
You won't have any fingers left if you continue to do that.
Didn't you go home yet?
Did you make all these?
This is...
Who are you going to kill with this food?
Why are you playing with food?
Don't interrupt me. Just leave.
I'll master how to cook tomato pasta today.
Try it.
What is it?
Did you boil cow bones in here?
And?
I can taste onions and celeries.
And of course, there are tomatoes.
There's butter...
and bay leaf!
Did I get it right?
It's western meat broth.
It's called "brown stock". You got nearly everything right.
It doesn't matter anyway. I can't make it myself.
Lee Ru Ri,
you don't cook alone.
If everyone does his or her job,
the food will taste wonderful.
So, for now, I'll do the cooking,
and you can help me with your sensitive taste.
Chef Jung.
If you're too anxious, you'll only make more mistakes.
What you need now is not speed,
but to believe in yourself.
Why? You can't believe me again?
Do you want me to teach you...
how valuable you are?
What? Mrs. Yang saw you at the hospital?
So? Were you dumb enough to tell her everything?
Calm down. Everyone thinks that...
it was you, not me.
What?
They think it was me?
So you mean to tell me that after 60 years of living in pureness,
that blame is on me?
How could you?
Wait, no.
No.
Yes.
This is a relief...
that I took the blame.
We can't keep it a secret anymore.
They saw me while I was doing the paternal test.
We can't do anything anymore.
Don't make it worse.
It will be finished tomorrow. You don't need to make it worse.
What if she is my child?
I told you that it's not possible.
Look at her.
How can she be of our blood?
Look at her eyes.
They look like yours and mine.
She also has long eyelashes.
Children nowadays all have long eyelashes...
because of fine dust.
And moreover,
if you look at how she acts, you just know she's not one of us.
She has no manners at all.
And she eats too much.
Look at her. Look at how she eats.
She's just like Ru Ri.
She can eat up to four servings.
I told you it's not possible.
Anyways, look after her.
Where are you going?
So Won, I haven't gone home for two days.
Try babysitting. You'll realize how hard it is.
Gosh.
For the first time in my life, I found out what I can be good at.
I just began to learn them one by one.
Mom, I'm really doing okay.
Okay, Ru Ri. Try your best.
I had a dream once too.
(Certificate)
(This certifies the above student...)
(completed Seoul City Commentator program.)
Why didn't you greet me even though I'm home?
- Did you have dinner? - Don't worry about it.
I'm tired. Fill the bathtub for me.
Gosh.
What made him so tired?
Gosh. I'm tired.
My goodness.
Farming is better than babysitting.
No human can do this.
Honey.
Honey. We're in trouble.
Honey. Wake up. We're in trouble.
What? What is it?
What's going on?
Father.
Hey. Why would you bring her here?
- Do you know her? - No. It's...
Whatever, Father. It's over now.
Over? What is?
My mother-in-law found out. I'm divorced now.
She kicked me out of my hospital.
What?
What's going on?
Han Gyul. Say hello.
She's your grandmother.
How are you?
Honey.
This isn't real.
This can't be happening. No.
This can never happen. No. Never.
No. No. No.
This can't happen. No. Not this.
- No. No. No. - Honey.
No. No. No.
Where's So Won?
Were you dreaming?
You must be very tired.
You're sweating so much.
Look at you.
What is it? Did you have a nightmare?
How old are you this year?
Why? I'll be 60 soon.
You're still young.
Life starts when you turn 60.
Since we're on the topic,
do you get bored lately?
I do. Ru Ri's out working.
The day is long. The time flies. Nothing's worthwhile.
Since we're at it,
do you want to live with a purpose?
What do you mean?
Do you want to raise a kid? It's a girl.
What?
Does Yeon Ju want us to babysit when she gives birth?
They're rich, so I'll never get a chance,
but I'd never say yes, so don't ever talk about it.
My goodness. I can't believe she said that.
Why not? Don't you want to?
The only thing you're good at is raising a kid.
Haven't you heard about the "grandchild sickness"?
You'll hurt all your joints in your body,
and you'll end up getting depression and exasperation.
Also, I'm so fed up with being a mother for the last 34 years.
I want to live as Hong Young Hye now.
Not a mother or anyone else, but myself, Hong Young Hye.
Goodness. That's hilarious.
Hey, you're useless as Hong Young Hye.
You were useful because you were a mother.
- What? - And...
don't you have maternal affection?
Everyone becomes grandparents and babysits at late age.
Do you think you're different?
Your son's asking you to babysit because he's having trouble.
You don't want to do it that you cut it so coldly?
What did you say?
If that's so easy, you do it.
I'm going to do what I want from now on.
What do you want to do?
I only did chores until now after I married you at the age of 23.
I want to have a job or something like that.
Have what? A job?
You're so funny.
Who would hire you...
when you have no work experience but house chores?
You're not even strong enough to wash the dishes in a restaurant.
You're less competitive than a 40-year-old Chinese woman...
who can't speak a word of Korean.
So stop being so smart,
know your position, and just babysit at home.
Are you done now?
Yes, I'm done. So what?
Never mind.
I was stupid to think that you've changed.
The bath is ready. Go wash now,
and wash your filthy mouth too.
What? Hey, Hong Young Hye.
Hey, Hong Young Hye.
Why's she so edgy?
It's not like the kid is here right now.
I only brought it up just in case.
Gosh.
Father. You need to come fast.
If I sleep out again, Mother said she will raid.
Darn it.
What should I say to go out in the middle of the night?
My gosh.
Talking about competitiveness.
He forced me to do chores at home.
What? Okay.
I'll see you there.
What? Are you going out?
Didn't you hear?
Dong Ki's father passed away.
He passed away last year. You even went to his funeral.
It's...
It's not his father. It's his wife.
You said she's buried in the family ground
What?
I must be so shocked. I keep getting confused.
Dong Ki.
Dong Ki's dead.
What?
Did you want to see me, Manager Joo?
I'm sorry. I wanted to discuss something with you.
Discuss what?
Fairness is my motto.
Regardless of how wealthy you are,
I believe people should be judged by their skill.
That's right. I agree with you 100 percent.
Aren't you offended, Chef No?
About what?
Jung Tae Yang and Lee Ru Ri were appointed by orders from above.
They got the job by knowing the chairman instead of their skills.
That's not all.
They keep causing trouble depending on the chairman,
and they don't even feel guilty.
That's right. That's what I wanted to say.
- But they still try very hard... - Hey.
What should I do, Manager Joo?
I'm on your side.
I'll give you all my support. Let's cooperate.
Okay. Thank you.
Thank you.
We're on a rooftop.
- Lie down. - What?
- Why? - I told you.
I'll teach you how valuable you are.
It's fine.
I know I'm not that valuable,
so you don't need to cheer me up.
Lie down. It's not hard to lie down.
There.
You always tell me to lie down.
It's been a while since we lay down together.
I don't have time to joke around.
Stay still.
Let's get this over with.
What do you see?
I see some stars in the sky.
Chef Jung, I'm busy and...
You're lucky.
Don't you know how hard it is to see stars in Seoul?
I told you about my family, right?
Yes.
You don't know your real father,
and your mother has been married three times.
When I was young,
people treated me like a weirdo.
Whenever I was in town,
people would talk behind my back.
It was the same at school.
Mom got too upset about it,
so I pretended to be strong...
and bright.
That's how I grew up.
Do you know why I wandered around in other countries?
Maybe because you wanted to learn recipes from all over the world?
I wanted to be in a place where nobody knew who I was.
I didn't want to act as if I were stronger or brighter.
I wanted to be myself.
I wanted to live as I wanted.
That's where I wanted to be.
Then are you all right now?
You came back to Korea.
Yes, I came back.
Do you know why?
I met someone who could see me as who I was.
When I'm with you,
I don't need to pretend like I'm stronger or brighter.
That's why I came back.
It was because of you.
Do you see now?
You're a very valuable person.
(Chairman Kevin Miller)
(Jung Hwa Young)
It's Ms. Jung Hwa Young's number.
Don't worry. I'm keeping your secret.
That witch won't come back again.
Is it Mi Joo?
Yes.
There's no one else who knows about my secret now.
Now I don't need to be worried.
Can I just ask you one thing?
That day, Mi Joo called you...
Anna Kang.
Is that your real name?
Tell me...
how you lived in the past.
Hello?
Please talk. Hello?
What is this?
It's me.
You wouldn't have forgotten my voice.
Jay?
We need to meet.
I'll wait for you at the coffee shop until you come.
What is it? Who is it?
Hwa Young, are you all right?
What is it, Hwa Young?
I can't breathe. I can't breathe.
Hwa Young, wait a moment.
Hwa Young, here.
Here. Breathe in. Hurry.
Slowly.
Are you all right now?
What is the matter?
Who was that on the phone?
(Expiration date, June 18, 2017)
"I found a way to make Yeon Mi Joo talk."
Hey.
Sit up.
Take this medicine.
You couldn't breathe because you were too scared.
Here.
Take it.
It's a tranquilizer. It'll help you to sleep.
You'll get better after you get some sleep.
(30 years ago, Seattle Dance Studio)
I'm sorry. Are you all right?
This feels like a dream.
I was thinking about...
the first time we met.
It has been 30 years.
It's been a while.
You look pale. Drink some water.
This could take long.
You don't need to be afraid.
I'm not like the person I once was.
Just like you're not your old self.
You look good.
Unlike how you were before.
Is there anything you want to say?
I never forgot about that day.
I tried my best to forget it, but I couldn't,
so I suffered...
my whole life.
You looked so happy to say that.
Thank you...
for staying alive, Anna Kang.
I also want to thank you...
for coming back alive.
Let's talk for a moment.
You already have my answer.
I'm opening soon. Please leave.
This place probably costed you quite a lot.
It'll be a great loss to close this.
What do you mean?
You should've listened when I told you to say it.
Hey, look. I don't know who you are talking about.
Give me the phone.
Do you know what's inside?
You put two refrigerators outside in the hallway, didn't you?
Running after open hours. That's not all.
You had expired food inside the refrigerators.
If I report this, you'll be suspended for seven days.
Is that what you want?
Are you threatening me?
You don't get it.
Call them now.
Is this food sanitation supervision?
What do you want?
Everything you know about Anna.
Hello?
Hello, I'm Oh Dong Ki, the acupuncturist.
Doctor Oh?
Where are you going?
Dong Ki.
Dong Ki's dead.
How are you? Are you well?
Of course. I don't have any problem.
I'm planning to go hiking, but I couldn't get hold of Shin Mo.
Is he home?
Actually...
I'll tell him to call you.
Yes. Bye.
He said he's going to the funeral.
Where did he sleep after lying to me?
Did he go to the So Won's apartment?
Where are you?
What do you mean? I'm at Dong Ki's funeral.
When will you come home?
My friend died. I should stay until the end.
Okay. Bye.
Why would she ask?
Why would you open the refrigerator?
You ate everything inside.
- I'm hungry. - What?
We just shared three servings of ramyeon.
It hasn't even been an hour yet. Why are you hungry?
Gosh. There must be a bum inside your stomach.
There must be like 10 of them.
You eat so much. Gosh.
Where are you going?
I'm going to buy bread for you.
I'm coming with you.
Gosh, what a life.
Let's bear it. I'll get the result today.
I'll bear it until then.
Is that a mail?
Do you live here?
It's a mail for Lee Shin Mo.
Yes. I'm his wife.
I see. Here.
Please sign here.
Thank you.
Genetics laboratory.
What's this?